My name is Maya Gans and I am so excited to be co-teaching the workshop Web Design for
Shiny Developers this year at POSIConf 2023.
I'm David, software developer at Novartis.
Today I want to talk to you about the workshop we are going to give with Maya Gans at the
POSIC conference at the end of the year.
There's a lot of reasons why I think this course is important for Shiny developers,
but in this video, I'm going to distill it to my top three.
The first one is self-sufficiency in design.
Most applications, developers work hand in hand with designers to create applications,
but in this course, we're going to give you that autonomy to feel comfortable in your
design decisions and create an app all by yourself.
In this workshop, we'll start from the very beginning, from the user requirements.
You'll learn how to deal with them and how to translate them into mock-ups.
You'll leverage wireframing to, in the end, come up with a solution that satisfies the client.
The second skill is user experience.
So, not only will we define what that means, but we'll give you the tips and tricks as
well as tools to make sure that you're talking to your end users and making sure that the
app sparks joy for the people using your app on a daily basis.
In this workshop, you'll learn how to deal with these kind of things.
For instance, you'll think for the end users, what do the end users want to see when there
is an error?
What do the end users want to see when there is a computation?
The last and what I think is probably the most important skill that you will get from
this course is that we're going to be teaching these design fundamentals, such as color,
typography, layout, using the nomenclature and code in R.
So, this course is already geared to the language that you know and love, and you will leave
with code ready to go.
I'm convinced by the end of the workshop, you will accumulate a lot of different best
practices around web design, so you can quickly determine what is a good UI, what is a bad UI.
And the good UI doesn't matter if you are a good R developer, doesn't matter your level
in Shiny development.
It's just about soft skills, so that you can seamlessly translate those skills into your
previous work.
Thanks so much for watching this video, and I hope to see you at the conference.
Thank you so much and hope to see you there.